.Dd December 9, 2005
.Dt AMLINT 1
.Os "Mac OS X"
.Sh NAME
.Nm amlint
.Nd check Automator actions for problems
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm amlint
.Bk -words
.Op Fl HhSs
.Op Fl d Ar definition-bundle
.Op Fl x Ar exception-file
.Ek
.Bk -words
.Ar action ...
.Ek
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
checks the given Automator actions for various problems and interface
inconsistencies.
.Ar action
is the path of a built action bundle.
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width flag
.It Fl H
Print the filename for each error or warning.
.It Fl h
Suppress the prefixing of filenames when multiple actions are checked.
.It Fl S
For each action, write a summary line indicating how many errors and
warnings there were.
.It Fl s
As
.Fl S ,
but skips the summary line for actions with no errors or warnings.
.It Fl d Ar definition-bundle
Specify a definition bundle, which specifies custom action
input and output types.  This option may be repeated if you need to
specify more than one bundle.
.It Fl x Ar exception-file
Specify a list of errors and warnings to ignore.  The file should
be plain text, with one line per error: the action filename, a
colon, space, and the text of the error.  For example:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
My Action.action: error: NSButton "OK" should not use the metal style.
.Ed
.Pp
You can simply copy an output line from
.Nm
.Fl H .
.El
.Sh RETURN VALUES
.Nm
exits with one of the following values:
.Bl -tag -width flag
.It 0
no serious errors were found.
.It 1
an error was found in one of the checked actions.
.It >1
an internal error occurred.
.El
.Sh BUGS
Because of a bug in
.Xr nibtool 1 ,
.Nm
will fail to work on some nibs.  You will see errors about the
.Dq old-style plist parser
if this happens.
